exercise number three let's do
press others
feet at the distance of the width of the rugs and
such a state of affairs and deviates backward
hands put see palm min back
where gave him that position hold
just get used to this position rest
Celsius will wash down his shoulders now
top of this position alternately
tear off legs
time two three 4 5 six feet in the distance
the width of the rug to it without lowering the most
the main position where is the exit housing
the game see complicate adding
you start flying down right now if here
so sit already feel the press have 1 2
live doesn't bulge when going down
I do not choose so you need to reduce
muscles just grab we don't get sucked
such a cloak and then you will be more
naturally if you start in order
there was such a beauty
cheeks if anyone and what have you
are obtained at the shoulders begins stretch
to this to the back of the head understand your head
when you cut down just courage
high price itself there will be different
fold distributed you start
here burn if you are somewhere you do
don't you burn just expose yourself
the task is given the voltage on the blades and
make your slouch back swinging to yourself
summer evening
that in principle we even need to learn because
that it’s all natural for them to work
men really like muscle on the news with
li chon of 2
5 brought down the fox stall and keep and I
dependent times.
two . Well done rice.
2 this is my pro ventura
the next exercise we will be with
you